---
Paper:
  - "[[007-A scheme for efficient quantum computation with linear optics]]"
Page: 1/7
Paragraph:
---
>Quantum information processing (QIP) uses quantum mechanics for information storage, communication and computation. It enables large improvements in computational effciency and com-munication security by exploiting the superposition principle and non-classical correlations of quantum mechanics. Examples include Shor's quantum algorithm for factoring large integers, Grover's algorithm for accelerating combinatorial searches and quantum cryptography for secure communication. Initial concern that quantum coherence may be too fragile to be exploited has been dispelled by theoretical work showing that noise and decoherence are not fundamental obstacles to the implementation of QIP. Consequently, increasing effort is being devoted towards physically realizing quantum computers, and there are many proposals for implementing the necessary quantum devices. Examples of promising technologies include ion traps, quantum dots, Josephson junctions, nuclear spins in silicon and nuclear spins in molecules.
>Quantum effects are particularly easy to observe in optical systems, and it is therefore not surprising that one of the earliest proposals for QIP uses photons to implement quantum logic. Optical systems currently constitute the only realistic proposal for long-distance quantum communication and underlie experimental implementations of quantum cryptography. Until now the main obstacle to scalable optical QIP was the apparent need for nonlinear couplings between optical modes. Achieving such couplings at suffcient strengths is possible in principle but is technically diffcult. As a result, other proposals for using linear optics to benchmark quantum algorithms require exponentially large physical resources.
>Here we show the surprising result that linear optics is suffcient for effcient QIP with photons. Effciency in the sense of the theory of computation means with polynomial resources, and we achieve low linear resources. Our proposal for QIP with linear optics requires single photon sources (implementable with active linear optics), beam splitters, phase shifters, photo-detectors, and feed-back from photo-detector outputs. A quantum bit (qubit) is realized by one photon in two optical modes (such as horizontal or vertical polarization). Effcient QIP is established by means of three results, each of which constitutes a breakthrough in linear optics QIP. The first result implies that non-deterministic quantum computation is possible with linear optics. It is based on a nonlinear sign shift between two qubits that uses two additional photons and post-selection. The sign shift succeeds with probability 1/16, and whether or not it succeeded is known. Although there are no practical applications of non-deterministic quantum computation, it implies that linear optics has features not available to classical deterministic or probabilistic computation. The second result shows that the probability of success of the quantum gates can be increased arbitrarily close to one. The result is based on using entangled states prepared non-deterministically and quantum teleportation. Thus quantum computation is possible in principle with linear optics. The resources needed to make the probability of success close to one with these methods are extremely demanding. The third result shows that with quantum coding, the resources for obtaining accurate encoded qubits are very effcient with respect to the accuracy achieved, thus completing the goal of effcient linear optics quantum computation (LOQC). The coding methods can be adapted to make LOQC fault-tolerant for photon loss, detector ineffciency and phase decoherence. As a result, LOQC can be robustly implemented with resources low enough to suggest practical scalability, making it as promising a technology for QIP as are other proposals.

|          |     |
| -------- | --- |
| 解釋       |     |
| 簡言(3-5句) |     |
| 延伸       |     |
| 我的想法     |     |
| 自我提問     |     |
