---
Paper:
  - "[[009-Chiral quantum optics]]"
Page: 4/8
Paragraph:
---

|          |                                                                 |
| -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 解釋       | $\beta, \Gamma, \text{transmission, reflection, absorption}$的關係 |
| 簡言(3-5句) |                                                                 |
| 延伸       |                                                                 |
| 我的想法     |                                                                 |
| 自我提問     |                                                                 |

---
**Chiral photon emission and  scattering**
The interaction between a single emitter and a pair of counter-propagating modes is quantified by the directional $β$ factor. It is defined as the ratio of the spontaneous emission rate into the $±z$  mode pair and the total emission rate：
$$\beta_\pm=\dfrac{\gamma_\pm}{\gamma_++\gamma_-+\Gamma}\tag{1}$$
where
- $Γ$ is the emission rate into all other modes.
- $β =  β_+ +  β_−$ is the total coupling efficiency.
 In the presence of transverse spin, the emission into the counter-propagating modes is in general not symmetric ($β_+≠  β_−$), corresponding to directional coupling.

The scattering of light by quantum emitters in waveguides is also strongly modified by chiral coupling. The amplitude transmission and reflection coefficients for a narrow-band resonant pulse in the weakly saturated regime are given respectively by
$$t_\pm=1-2\beta_\pm\quad{}and\quad{}r_\pm=-2\sqrt{\beta_+\beta_-}\tag{2}$$
As a special case, these equations also describe the scattering of a narrow-band single-photon pulse. Notable qualitative differences between symmetric and chiral emitter–waveguide coupling are found. For deterministic ($β =  1$) and symmetric ($β_+ =  β_− =  1/2$) coupling, the emitter acts as a perfect mirror for the guided light[90], that is, $| r_±|^ 2=1$. In contrast, in the ideal chiral case of, for example, $β_+ =  1$ and $β_− =  0$, the emitter is perfectly transparent, that is, $| t_±|^ 2 =  1$. However, the interaction imprints a direction-dependent phase shift of $0$ or $π$ onto the light propagating along $–z$ $and $+ z$, respectively.

The absorption of light also notably differs for symmetric and chiral coupling. It is defined as the fraction of light being scattered by the emitter into non-guided modes: $A_± =  1 −  | t_±|^ 2 −  | r_±| ^2$. For symmetric coupling, at most half of the travelling light can be absorbed, that is, $A_± ≤  0.5$, and maximum absorption is reached for β =  0.5. For ideal chiral coupling and $β =  0.5$, perfect absorption of, for example, $A_+ =  1$ can be achieved, while light that is propagating in the opposite direction is fully transmitted ($A_− =  0$).